The very first link in Startup School's Library is this post by Mr.Paul Graham - Why Smart People Have Bad Ideas and hence it becomes imperative to test the hypothesis of one's idea on the anvil of this brilliant theory; the theory which says "make something people want" and the ultimate test of an idea is "whether people will pay for it?"

This post would examine the idea of MSC on these 2 postulates, and just like all the other posts on this site, it is more of a critical self-examination, than an 'explanation' and hence comments and critics are invited to make this exercise a fruitful one.

a) Let's start with what Mr. Trevor Blackwell has to say on ideas (which is mentioned in the appendix of this post):
"Watch people who have money to spend, see what they're wasting their time on, cook up a solution, and try selling it to them. It's surprising how small a problem can be and still provide a profitable market for a solution.

MSC : While what the company is trying to address is not strictly a 'problem' in a sense, but more of a void which could be filled. And that void is how do we preserve the memories of our loved ones eternally in a happy manner! Something which is beautiful, traditional but yet modern, omni-present, always accessible (well, almost) and brings one certain degree of joy, warmth and happiness!

The current way the memories are being preserved have something in common of the above points but they do not have all of them. Usually we preserve memories in the forms of photos, videos and now social media accounts.

What if you could just look up at sky to remember your loved one, circling above you (theoretically) and you just smile at the sky?

There is nothing has changed as far as preserving and recalling memories are concerned in last century. Photos and Videos have got better, the devices rendering them have got better, and we have access to these 'pixels' (and NOT memories) on demand, but per se, nothing has changed.

So this is a void which MSC intends to fill. This is what MSC would be doing, and this is how the idea origin...

