This post follows from the previous one titled "void". It was necessary to separate the 2 posts, which would be evident at the end of this post.
Returning to the post of Mr.Paul Graham, the arguments in favour of MSC are detailed below, which further tries to support the validity of idea.

a) SOMETHING WHICH PEOPLE WILL PAY?
MSC : Memories are the most intrinsic thing to a human, it essentially makes a human, a human. 
Imagine if we are not able to remember anything, if every day of ours is a new day (there is a movie on similar lines), how would be our lives like that?

Changing societal norms and aspirations, with rising disposable income and a desire to belong to a different orbit in every human and project himself/herself as cool among friends, family and peers is an indication, that there is a sizeable market for MSC among 7 odd billion people whoa re there on this planet.

b) IS THE IDEA, THE ONE VERY FIRST THOUGHT OF?
MSC:  (i) Well not at all. The first idea was to build a LEO (Low Earth Orbit) Satellite Ground Station (Project Minnie). While the project was initiated, the dominant question in the mind was, what one would do with this ground station, apart from hobby? The thought lingered off for quite many days, and MSC was a result of finding a vocation for 'Minnie'.

(ii) And then came a deluge of news with companies like SpaceX, Blue Origin and some others trying to launch thousands of satellites in near future.
We are on the threshold of a world (FUTURE) where launching a satellite would be NORMAL and NOT A SPECTACLE. If we arrive in such a world, what would be the opportunities available for a common man to participate in this extravaganza?
  Not everyone can travel to space?
    But everyone (almost) can send something to space, to commemorate occasions and memories, YES!

c) OF ALL THE THINGS, THIS IS WHAT YOU COULD MAKE?
MSC : "Do What You Love" is the RULE # 1 and currently there is nothing as much exciting as space.If one talks to any person, either they are excited about going to space or they want to go to space!

The BEST stuff happens when when the passion of the founder(s) has found a perfect fit with the passion of the people, what we an term as FOUNDER-PEOPLE-PASSION-FIT (FPPF).
Users and Consumers love (which translates into a monetary exchange), when their PASSION align with the company and founders.
