The motto of YC is "Make something people want" and hence it is imperative to anser this billion dollar question, if not more !

What essentially on an atomic level people are doing on myriad of social-networks, the micro-blogging, micro-video sites included? Posting all those updates, photos and videos (not forgetting memes)?
They are essentially binding the present moments into memories.
Every act of putting up an update, a photo, or a video is an instance of creating memories, for future reference or recall.

Creating memories have become a by-act of what was originally intended as social networking. So if one outs a Tweet or FB update for their followers / friends, it also gets enshrined as a memory as well.
More often than not, these so called updates (which include all form of pixels) are all about creating memories; when you were feeling sad on losing a game to being happy on winning a championship, from celebrating a birthday, to mourning the loss of a beloved one.

Day-in-and-Day-out, humans are dealing (and may be we can even call, saddled) with memories, be it good or bad.
It would not be too brusque to say that, what we remember is what makes us, and that's why 'forgetting' is such an essential skill for life.

The "Throwback Thursdays", "This Day Last Year" kinds of reminders which SM sends to us, is the verification of the 'seriousness' of memories. If not for memories, the SM would have been irrelevant.

And this is the essence behind MSC (Memoir Space Company), the company wants everyone to cherish their memories by taking them to space (literally!

MSC is not going to change or asking for a behavioural change at all, fundamentally people would be still doing the same thing with the offering of MSC; preserving memory and cherishing them, the only difference is that, those memories would be orbiting high in the space.
There is no lag between what company proposes to do,and what people have been doing or wanting!

And hence, for those who can afford MSC (and we want to make sure that majority of the people are able to do so), only the mode of cherishing the memories changes, albeit with a nice TWIST!

MSC believes that it's offering(s) of flying people's memoirs to space is something which people would definitely want.

PS: This is what MSC would do.

